docs(README): consistently mention @faker-js/faker (#1)
F2BEAR/nSeed: README.md

	}
}
```

> The Types class has an instance of the `@faker-js/faker` package and some other utility functions you may find useful. You can use any faker method here so you may want to check [their documentation to see what you can do!](FAKERGUIDE)

Author: I'm not sure about the second sentence here. I think you could shorten this by just writing the "checkout there docs" in brackets in the first sentence like so after the mention of faker-js:
```suggestion
The Types class has an instance of the `@faker-js/faker` package ([checkout their documentation to see what you can do!](FAKERGUIDE)) and some other utility functions you may find useful.
```

This would get rid of the repetitive mentioning of the third-party package. 

I just wanted to hear your opinion on this first.
